[WIP] DOC-1493 - Backup documentation improvements (#159)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/backup-and-restore/pages/backup-cluster.adoc

Backing up a cluster is an online operation.
Your database remains available during the backup.

[NOTE]
====

> A new API for Backup and Restore feature has been added to `gadmin` toolchain with improved stability and performance. The legacy Graph Backup and Restore(GBAR) tool remains available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes `gadmin backup` which offers improved stability and performance compared to the early `gbar` (Graph Backup and Restore) tool. `gbar`remains available.
```
